Clarification about domains on non-production (#1757)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/domains/steps/_index.md

If you are on a Development plan, you cannot add a domain. You will need to upgrade your subscription to a production plan.

{{< note >}}

> The domain used for a Development environment itself can not be customized even if your project itself is on a production plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are able to add a domain to your production (i.e. `Master`) environment. However, the domain used for non-production environments will always be generated and cannot be customized, even if your project is on a Production plan.
```
